---
layout: post
title: Answering Your Questions About Listings and Real Estate Commissions
date: 2019-08-26 15:38:00
tags:
excerpt: >-
  Today we’re answering some of your questions about listings and real estate
  commissions.
enclosure: Real estate commission FAQs answered
pullquote: >-
  Real estate commissions are broken into two parts: the buyer’s side and the
  listing side.
enclosure_type: video/mp4
enclosure_time:
use_youtube_image: true
youtube_alternate_image:
youtube_code: YFQbhJLkp3Y
---

{% include youtube.html %}

I’m here today with J.R. St. Julien to answer a few questions from our clients regarding listings and real estate commissions.

Many of these questions are generated by conflicting messages about real estate seen both online and on TV, particularly that real estate agents don’t have a particular value, so the most you should pay in commissions is 1%

{% include pullquote.html %}

Interestingly, real estate commissions are broken into two parts: the buyer’s side and the listing side.

The buyer’s side ranges from 2.5% to 3%. Sometimes, real estate agents will recommend reducing that amount to save money, but some agents out there won’t show properties if there’s not a reasonable finder’s fee.&nbsp;

For the listing side, it’s important to note that when you see advertisements about real estate commissions, the companies are usually referring to the seller’s portion of that fee, which ordinarily ranges from 1% to 3%. Believe it or not, it has a lot to do with the services being provided to the seller; often, you get what you pay for.

On our team, we offer three different options: a basic package, an intermediate “best value” package, and a premium package. These different packages are related to what the consumer is looking to accomplish; they all get the same great service from our agents, but each gets different levels of marketing. That’s why it’s important to be conscious of your goals—so you can make sure that you’re getting as much as you need in terms of marketing.

If you’re interested in learning more about our listing options, don’t hesitate to reach out to us. We’d be glad to hear from you.<br>&nbsp;